[DO NOT MERGE] Documentation update review (#91)
canonical/kafka-k8s-operator: docs/index.md

# Charmed Kafka K8s Documentation

Charmed Kafka K8s is an open-source operator that makes it easier to operate Apache Kafka on Kubernetes with built-in support for enterprise features. 

Charmed Kafka K8s is build on top of [Juju](https://juju.is/) and it simplifies the deployment, scaling, design and management of Apache Kafka on Kubernetes in production in a reliable way. In addition, you can use the operator to manage your Kafka clusters with automation capabilities. It also offers replication, TLS, password rotation, easy-to-use application integration, and monitoring.
Charmed Kafka K8s operates Apache Kafka on different Kubernetes distributions, featuring both on-prem installation (e.g. using MicroK8s) or cloud services (e.g. AWS EKS).

Charmed Kafka K8s is a solution designed and developed for helping organizations and 
DB administrators automating Apache Kafka operations management from day 0 to day 2, across multiple cloud environments and substrates.

> Aside from a K8s operator, Charmed Kafka provides support for Kubernetes environments. For more information, please refer to the Charmed Kafka documentation [here](/t/charmed-kafka-documentation/10288).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canonical has also developed the [Charmed Kafka operator](/t/charmed-kafka-documentation/10288) to support Kafka in VM/IAAS environments.
[/note]
```
